2.11.5 Release Notes (#10499)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.11.5

### Enhancements
- Warn users with misconfigured `PREFECT_API_URL` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10450

> - Show cli message for the paused work-pool  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10369

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show CLI warning if worker is polling a paused work pool or queue  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10369
```

- Optimize the query generated by the `/task_runs` endpoint — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10422

> - add discord notification block — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10394

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `DiscordWebhook` notification block — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10394
```

> - update wizard recommendation when no `pull` step selected — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10473

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove reference to deprecated `prefect project ls` in interactive `prefect deploy` command — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10473
```

### Fixes

> - Update base job template validation to only run on work pool update and creation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10486

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run base job template validation when work pools are updated or created — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10486
```

> - Adding some safety checks to a prior optimization on task runs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10466

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend optimization on `/task_runs` endpoint to include safety guards — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10466
```

Reviewer: I see this as an enhancement

### Experimental
- Codify concurrency context managers and rate limiting with tests — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10414

### Documentation
- Guide to Kubernetes — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10368
- Update warning block to mention worker in title — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10464
- Fix duplicate Amplitude deviceId — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10449

> - Combine K8s worker page with K8s flows page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10448

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Combine Kubernetes worker and flows pages — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10448
```

> - Guide - How to move data to and from cloud providers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10133

Reviewer: I think this one could also move to the highlight with the other guide

- Remove references to `flow_name` from deployments documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10477

> - Update kubernetes guide for readability — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10481

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve readability of Kubernetes guide  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10481
```

- Fix a few typos in docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10488

> - Surface more documentation on push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10497

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raise visibility of push work pools documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10497
```

- Fix heading size, remove unnecessary link in deployments documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10489

> - Create GCP specific guide references for deploying a GKE cluster to host a worker — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10490

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add GCP-specific guide references for deploying a GKE cluster to host a worker — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10490
```

> - fix typo in gcs recipe — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10442

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix typo in `prefect-gcs` deployment example — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10442
```

> - Move and reference Agents -> Workers upgrade guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10445

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move guide on upgrading from agents to workers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10445
```

> Fix grammatical errors in documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10457

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix grammatical errors in documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10457
```

> - Clarify deployments variables — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10474

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clarify deployments variables and fix `prefect.yaml` example — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10474
```
might be a better way to say this

- Update README header image — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10493

## Contributors
- @mattklein made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10422
- @vishalsanfran made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10394
- @AmanSal1
- @mj0nez

> **All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.11.4...preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.11.4...2.11.5
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.11.5

### New Guides

> We're happy to announce two new guides aimed at helping users get the most out of their Prefect setup!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're happy to announce two new guides to help you get the most out of Prefect!
```

#### How to move data to and from cloud providers

> Moving data to cloud-based storage and retrieving it is crucial in many data engineering setups. This guide provides step-by-step instructions to seamlessly integrate and interact with popular cloud services like AWS, Azure, and GCP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moving data to cloud-based storage and retrieving it is crucial in many data engineering setups. [This guide](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/guides/moving-data) provides step-by-step instructions to seamlessly integrate and interact with popular cloud services like AWS, Azure, and GCP.
```

> Moving data to cloud-based storage and retrieving it is crucial in many data engineering setups. This guide provides step-by-step instructions to seamlessly integrate and interact with popular cloud services like AWS, Azure, and GCP using Prefect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moving data to cloud-based storage and retrieving it is crucial in many data engineering setups. This guide provides step-by-step instructions to seamlessly integrate and interact with popular cloud services like AWS, Azure, and GCP.
```

#### Running flows with Kubernetes

> For those aiming to optimize their flows using Kubernetes, this guide provides a deep dive on how to efficiently run flows on Kubernetes using containers. Catering to both novices and seasoned experts, the content offers insights for all proficiency levels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For those aiming to optimize their flows using Kubernetes, this guide provides a deep dive on how to efficiently run flows on Kubernetes using containers. Catering to both novices and seasoned experts, [this guide](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/guides/deployment/kubernetes/) offers insights for all proficiency levels.
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.11.5

### New Guides

We're happy to announce two new guides aimed at helping users get the most out of their Prefect setup!

#### How to move data to and from cloud providers

Moving data to cloud-based storage and retrieving it is crucial in many data engineering setups. This guide provides step-by-step instructions to seamlessly integrate and interact with popular cloud services like AWS, Azure, and GCP using Prefect.

#### Running flows with Kubernetes

> For those aiming to optimize their flows using Kubernetes, this guide provides a deep dive on how to efficiently run flows on Kubernetes using containers. Catering to both novices and seasoned experts, the content offers insights for all proficiency levels.

Reviewer: It might be nice to link to these guides in the docs

Author: Do we know what the URL will be since they haven't been published yet?

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 2: Yes, I proposed revisions to include them

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
